About Page

Acknowledgments and Thank You

It has been a great four years with you guys and we’re going to miss everyone.  From being stranded in the 
middle of nowhere for six hours with no bathrooms, to kissing dead fish, to beating JROTC at their own game, 
I cannot think of a better group of people to spend my CGS years with.  We’re been there for each other 
through the good and the bad--the sleepless nights, the birthday treats, the touchy feely circles, the bus 
rides, the field trips, the stressful deadlines.  We’ve been through so much together and it’s bitter-sweet 
to say good-bye and start our lives on different paths.  It’s an understatement to say that CGS has been a 
painfully stressful experience, but having classmates and friends like you guys made it worthwhile. Everyone, 
keep in touch! That’s what’s Facebook is for.

I want to thank the teachers for encouraging us in everything we do, telling that we ARE smart and that we 
have bright futures ahead of us.  As much as we want to strangle them sometimes, we know they care for us and 
are always willing to stay with us after school, working with us to meet deadlines, and even push bask due 
dates so our brains don’t explode. 

Mrs. Fellinger,
You are one crazy woman, but we love it.  Surprisingly, after a three years with you, most of us actually 
grew numb to you insanity.  We got used to it and even instigated it towards the end of our senior year (don’t 
you just hate that sentence).  But come on, you know you love us.  We will never forget your death threats, 
your chain saw, your evil laugh, and your famous catch phrase, “Just a note…”

Mr. McNamee,
The class agrees with me when I say, you are one of the most valuable teachers we’ve ever had.  You always 
keep an open mind and want everyone to have a voice in class.  I’m not sure if any other teacher would even 
consider letting us play Harry Potter in class.  Not all of us love math as much as you do, but we love your 
enthusiasm for teaching.  You’re the one person we can count on to get grades in on time.

Mr. Brad Miller,
Remember when you were young and played with mercury a lot.  We’re willing to bet you suffer from mild mercury 
poisoning because you are a very odd man.  No doubt about it, you make physic class very entertaining at times, 
but we love it.  We love your physics demonstrations, as long as we’re far away from the exploding microwave.  
And another thing, “Mooooooooooooo.”

Mrs. Kronander,
AP Calculus BC was the hardest thing many of us had ever encountered, even for us math kids. Thank you for 
doing everything you could to make it easiest for us.  We also want to thank you for organizing the schedules.  
Without you, CGS would be much more disorganized.

Mr. Scott Miller, 
We must admit, you know your stuff.  If anyone is knowledgeable about history, it is definitely you.  Just 
sitting through countless lectures prepared us of our AP exams more than we thought it would.  You were right; 
we know more than we think we know. 

Mrs. Wells,
It’s been a while since we’ve had class with you, but we still appreciate you so much as a teacher.  You’ve 
always been so nice to us and you were always willing to help us out with deadlines.  Thank you so much for 
your parting gifts.  We love how you hand picked out books for each and every one of us. 

Mrs. Davis,
We’ve only had freshman year with you, but you definitely left your impression.  You’re so funny and we all enjoy 
your stories of calling the police on your cat and bunnies running from evil terrorists.  While you are a teacher, 
we’ve always felt as if you would absolutely blend in with us.

Shout out to all the others teachers that are no longer with us: Mrs. Hepp, Mrs. Rothlisberger, and Mrs. Waterman. 


This game is our gift to you, our fellow classmates, in celebration of our 2015 graduation.  It’s been awesome 
getting to know you guys and we made this game with you in mind.  Truth is though, we did not get as far as we 
wanted to with this game.  There were so many more features we wanted to add to make it even better.  But maybe 
we’ll work it out when we’re not exhausted (by the way, it’s 1:43 a.m. right now the night before we present and 
we’re both still awake working on culminating).  We already know how gifted kids work.  They get bored very easily 
and we know you’ll get bored of this game too.  But maybe one day when you’re cleaning out files on your computer, 
you’ll find this game, click on it, and smile.  That’s good enough for us.

Thank you for an amazing four years, 

- Ann Duong and Dalton Kujawa

Congratulations CGS class of 2015

Kyle Archie
Adriana Bailey
Danika DiPalma
Ann Duong
Amanda Fischer
Kent Furuie
Casey Guditus
Caitlyn Holzknecht
Bryn Huxoll
Megan Kelly
Megan Kemmey
Dalton Kujawa
Meghan McConnell
Jared Oliver
Kari Patrick
Lauryn Pittman-Deering
Kevin Rhoades
Garret Roberts
Joe Robertson
Lenzie Warner
Chris Weber


Disclaimer 

Adventures in CGS is a non-profit project instead for entertainment purposes only, and will only  be distributed 
to members of the CGS class of 2015 community and their associates.  The creators of Adventures in CGS do not 
intent to make any money or distribute the project for in exchange anything of monetary value.  We give full credit 
to the original owners of files we used to help make this project, including but not limited to background images, 
audio files, and stock code.  The creators of this game are aware of copy right laws as well as the fair use 
guidelines.  


Works Cited (Backgrounds)
Haskell, Eddie. Black Friar. Digital image. Picasa. Google, Nov. 2009. Web. 23 May 2011. <http://picasaweb.google.com/eddie.thebeaver/PerformingArtsDestinationsInSecondLifeAsSeenInVRStyleNovember2009#5395848726327006162>.
James River. Digital image. River City Homeschoolers. Word Press. Web. 23 May 2011. <http://rivercityhomeschoolers.wordpress.com/tag/james-river/>.
Mountains. Digital image. Texas Freeway. Texas Freeway, 31 May 2001. Web. 23 May 2011. <http://www.texasfreeway.com/elpaso/photos/lp375/375_transmountain.shtml>.
Orienteering. Digital image. My Nature Prints. Web. 23 May 2011. <http://www.mynatureprints.com/Autumn_Forest_3.html>.

Works Cited (Background Music)
DigitalSKYY. "The Gated Arp Of LOVE." 2011. Looperman. Web. 23 May 2011. <http://www.looperman.com/profile.php?mid=562523>.

